=head1 NAME

Net::Natalie - Natalie (http://natalie.mu) API(?) Wrapper

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Net::Natalie;

    my $foo = Net::Natalie->new( content => 'comic' );

    my %bar = $foo->fetch_entry_info_manually(2); #Get 2 entries by http query
    foreach ( keys %bar ) {
        print "$bar{$_}->[0]: $bar{$_}->[1] -- $_\n"; #<title of entry>: <summary of entry> -- <URL>
    }

    my %baz = $foo->fetch_entry_info_by_feed; #Get entries by rss feed. (Maybe, it takes 50 entries)
    foreach ( keys %baz ) {
        print "$baz{$_}->[0]: $baz{$_}->[1] -- $_\n"; #<title of entry>: <summary of entry> -- <URL>
    }

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Net::Natalie is a wrapper of Natalie API.

=head1 INSTALL

Download it && Unpack it && Build it
As follows:
    % perl Makefile.PL
    % make && make test  # <= Required Internet connection
    % make install

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new( %param )

Make an instance of Net::Natalie.
This method require a content type to fetch.
e.g.)
  new( content => 'comic' );

Available content type are following:
  - comic
  - music
  - owarai

=head2 fetch_entry_title_manually( $num_of_get_entry )

This method get titles of entries by http query up to $num_of_get_entry from recent entry.
It returns a hash. (URL => title)

=head2 fetch_entry_summary_manually( $num_of_get_entry )

This method get summaries of entries by http query up to $num_of_get_entry from recent entry.
It returns a hash. (URL => summary)

=head2 fetch_entry_info_manually( $num_of_get_entry )

This method get titles and summaries of entries by http query up to $num_of_get_entry from recent entry.
It returns a hash. (URL => (title, summary))

=head2 fetch_entry_title_by_feed

This method get titles of entries by rss feed. (Maybe up to 50 entries)
It returns a hash. (URL => title)

=head2 fetch_entry_summary_by_feed

This method get summaries of entries by rss feed.
It returns a hash. (URL => summary)

=head2 fetch_entry_info_by_feed

This method get titles and summaries of entries by rss feed.
It returns a hash. (URL => (title, summary))

=head1 AUTHOR

moznion E<lt>moznion@gmail.com<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
